I was on her jaw yes indeedy
I wrote for fede on the bus was it love
or wasn't us which one of us never
fallen victim to the touch victim of a
crush so explain to run but not me she
said don't fuss about it
this is true you could never know too
much about being poor if our
relationship is healthy I promise to
always show you the best version of me
Selfridge
they sell saying sailfin told in a
self-righteous but the fact that we had
time for ourselves how fortunate you
smile captivates and weighs on my brain
enormous disease he'll react mad truth
the tourists we have the Chinese far
trying to figure what a fortune is you
put the walls up but my charm break for
justice I'm poor only up I can't refrain
like a tourist I explore her entire
brain Compaq
I getting chanted from you laughs
Foreman's pants cuz you can in there
then after an absolutely no I have to
just call you you'll be chopped in
charge like you got no flaws it's like I
still wanna pause someone beautiful I
love everything about you hair eyes lips
even punishes to remind me that you're
human Angelica's what your essence is
you is bad beautiful I don't know what
to do at all making me delusional if I
had to choose a good spot one less with
the pine in the body diviner girl your
carpet treatment moves something like a
serpentine creature get out hot like the
herbal tea stupor in the potty and I'm
can't leave the spot girl I got him
coordinating our limits on the mat
before we plot them Japan the cherries